Instructor: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to delete
and recreate objects using Kubectl apply.
So earlier you used to use Kubectl delete
and then you used to provide the resource name to delete it.
But here, whatever the resource you have created
or the object you have created,
you'll be able to directly delete using...
By referencing those YAML files. Okay?
So let's see that now. Okay?
So Kubectl, get all will provide lots of stuff,
whatever we have created so far.
So now we will say that.
So we have four files here.
So Kubectl delete -F01
and 02,
and 03,
and one more time.
0-F and then 04.
So all the things related to backend
and front end should go away now.
Okay.
So all got deleted you can see, right?
So if you say get all,
so anything related to our backend
and front end should not be shown now.
So if you see only the part backend,
press tab, getting terminated,
you can see these things. Okay?
So nothing related to backend
and front end will be seen after these gets terminated.
Nothing, right?
So now you can see deployments only my app redeployment.
So nothing in the services.
Also there is nothing related to front end and the backend.
So that's about it.
In the same way if you want to create it again,
you can create it directly using apply-
and then those values.
But one more interesting thing here is,
so, if you have these four files and then creating apply
and then -F01 and then -F02.
Again, it's a long command, right?
So what you can do is,
come out of your cube manifest,
and just I will,
let me go here and I don't have anything here,
so I'll say MV this file, right?
00, this is not a valid file.
This is just only a definition for us, right?
Paste, and then paste,
and then I'll save this, back up. Okay?
So for our testing here, okay?
So now we have only four YAML files here.
One, two, three, and then four.
So let me come out of cube manifest.
And then I'll say Kubectl apply -F
and then cube manifest entire folder.
So whatever the YAML files present in that folder,
directly present, okay?
Not under the (inaudible) folders
but directly present under that folder,
it is going to get created. Okay?
So if I say Kubectl get all,
again we'll be able to see the deployments and services
whatever related to front end, right?
Front end and backend related parts are getting created.
And its services, also front end ingenix
and then my backend service all got created.
So like that we'll be able to create and then delete.
In the same way,
if you want to again delete all these things
we really don't need to give that big command here. Okay?
So Kubectl, delete -F and cube manifest
and then it is going to delete everything.
Good. Okay?
So now if you see get all, nothing should be there.
So these are some of the things
which we can effectively use for our...
See this is getting terminated.
No other services related to front end or backend. Good.
So now the next thing is,
go back to cube manifest
and then change our file back, okay?
To the same value, so that whenever you're doing the course
it doesn't give a different show there. Okay?
So now this is completed.
Good.
So, in our next lecture
we'll go- go ahead with another topic.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.